

    Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
    Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
    Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
    David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
    As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.
    The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
    They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
    She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
    I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.
    The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
    He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
    There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
    A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
    A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.
    She had the gift of being able to paint songs.
    He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
    He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.
    The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.
    The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
    When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.
    He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
    Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.
    There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.
    A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
    The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
    He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
    She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
    I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
    The virus had powers none of us knew existed.
    I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.
    She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
    He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
    The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
    He told us a very exciting adventure story.
    Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
    Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
    Hit me with your pet shark!
    She advised him to come back at once.
    Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
    Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
    It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
    While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
    The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
    When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.
    Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
    The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
    With the high wind warning
    The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
    You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
    Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.